README.md, before:

# CallBackService serverless API
The CallBackService project, created with [`aws-serverless-java-container`](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-serverless-java-container).

The starter project defines a simple `/ping` resource that can accept `GET` requests with its tests.

The project folder also includes a `template.yml` file. You can use this [SAM](https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-application-model) file to deploy the project to AWS Lambda and Amazon API Gateway or test in local with the [SAM CLI](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sam-cli). 

## Pre-requisites
* [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/)
* [SAM CLI](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sam-cli)
* [Gradle](https://gradle.org/) or [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)

## Building the project
You can use the SAM CLI to quickly build the project
```bash
$ mvn archetype:generate -DartifactId=CallBackService -DarchetypeGroupId=com.amazonaws.serverless.archetypes -DarchetypeArtifactId=aws-serverless-jersey-archetype -DarchetypeVersion=1.5 -DgroupId=com.iarchitect.iot.ifttt -Dversion=1.0-SNAPSHOT -Dinteractive=false
$ cd CallBackService
$ sam build
Building resource 'CallBackServiceFunction'
Running JavaGradleWorkflow:GradleBuild
Running JavaGradleWorkflow:CopyArtifacts

Build Succeeded

Built Artifacts  : .aws-sam/build
Built Template   : .aws-sam/build/template.yaml

Commands you can use next
=========================
[*] Invoke Function: sam local invoke
[*] Deploy: sam deploy --guided
```

## Testing locally with the SAM CLI

From the project root folder - where the `template.yml` file is located - start the API with the SAM CLI.

```bash
$ sam local start-api

...
Mounting com.amazonaws.serverless.archetypes.StreamLambdaHandler::handleRequest (java8) at http://127.0.0.1:3000/{proxy+} [OPTIONS GET HEAD POST PUT DELETE PATCH]
...
```

Using a new shell, you can send a test ping request to your API:

```bash
$ curl -s http://127.0.0.1:3000/ping | python -m json.tool

{
    "pong": "Hello, World!"
}
``` 

## Deploying to AWS
To deploy the application in your AWS account, you can use the SAM CLI's guided deployment process and follow the instructions on the screen

```
$ sam deploy --guided
```

Once the deployment is completed, the SAM CLI will print out the stack's outputs, including the new application URL. You can use `curl` or a web browser to make a call to the URL

```
...
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OutputKey-Description                        OutputValue
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CallBackServiceApi - URL for application            https://xxxxxxxxxx.execute-api.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/Prod/pets
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

Copy the `OutputValue` into a browser or use curl to test your first request:

```bash
$ curl -s https://xxxxxxx.execute-api.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/Prod/ping | python -m json.tool

{
    "pong": "Hello, World!"
}
```

Commit message:

Added more details to the service descriptor.

README.md, after:

# Ifttt CallBackService serverless API

If you need a call back to your webhook in the ifttt platform, you can use this webservice. You can see all the apis using the swagger ui:

[`Swagger UI`](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html)

**`CallBackController`** contains the apis for scheduling the call back.
**`PingController`** is more for debugging the service.

The CallBackService project is created with [`aws-serverless-java-container`](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-serverless-java-container) using Spring Boot 2 maven arche type and Java 8.

You can debug the project by pinging the service at `/ping` that accepts `GET` request.

The project folder also includes a `template.yml` file. You can use this [SAM](https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-application-model) file to deploy the project to AWS Lambda and Amazon API Gateway or test in local with the [SAM CLI](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sam-cli). 

## Pre-requisites
* [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/)
* [SAM CLI](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sam-cli)
* [Gradle](https://gradle.org/) or [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)

## Building the project
You can use the SAM CLI to quickly build the project
```bash
$ mvn archetype:generate -DartifactId=CallBackService -DarchetypeGroupId=com.amazonaws.serverless.archetypes -DarchetypeArtifactId=aws-serverless-jersey-archetype -DarchetypeVersion=1.5 -DgroupId=com.iarchitect.iot.ifttt -Dversion=1.0-SNAPSHOT -Dinteractive=false
$ cd CallBackService
$ sam build
Building resource 'CallBackServiceFunction'
Running JavaGradleWorkflow:GradleBuild
Running JavaGradleWorkflow:CopyArtifacts

Build Succeeded

Built Artifacts  : .aws-sam/build
Built Template   : .aws-sam/build/template.yaml

Commands you can use next
=========================
[*] Invoke Function: sam local invoke
[*] Deploy: sam deploy --guided
```

## Testing locally with the SAM CLI

From the project root folder - where the `template.yml` file is located - start the API with the SAM CLI.

```bash
$ sam local start-api

...
Mounting com.amazonaws.serverless.archetypes.StreamLambdaHandler::handleRequest (java8) at http://127.0.0.1:3000/{proxy+} [OPTIONS GET HEAD POST PUT DELETE PATCH]
...
```

Using a new shell, you can send a test ping request to your API:

```bash
$ curl -s http://127.0.0.1:8080/ping | python -m json.tool

{
    "pong": "Hello, World!"
}
``` 

## Deploying to AWS
To deploy the application in your AWS account, you can use the SAM CLI's guided deployment process and follow the instructions on the screen

```
$ sam deploy --guided
```

Once the deployment is completed, the SAM CLI will print out the stack's outputs, including the new application URL. You can use `curl` or a web browser to make a call to the URL

```
...
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OutputKey-Description                        OutputValue
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CallBackServiceApi - URL for application            https://xxxxxxxxxx.execute-api.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/Prod/pets
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

Copy the `OutputValue` into a browser or use curl to test your first request:

```bash
$ curl -s https://xxxxxxx.execute-api.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/Prod/ping | python -m json.tool

{
    "pong": "Hello, World!"
}
```
